vstte paper (#3473)
model-checking/kani: papers/vstte2024/README.md

> This contains the contents for a short paper at VSTTE2024. In order to build this, please download the LLNCS style file available at https://resource-cms.springernature.com/springer-cms/rest/v1/content/19238648/data/v8 -o llncs.zip and use standard LaTeX tools to build the paper. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This contains the contents for a short paper at VSTTE2024. In order to build this, please download the LLNCS style file available at https://resource-cms.springernature.com/springer-cms/rest/v1/content/19238648/data/v8, unpack the resulting llncs.zip, and use standard LaTeX tools to build the paper. 
```
